Senator, although you have great respect.
But it s also impossible to want to go to the world the Dragon Head Hero is very good?
Don't let him run.
If there is dissatisfaction
You can see the real show in your hands.
At the bottom shrank into a group of mother-in-law, mother-in-law lost nothing shameful.
I thought you were the first.
Send someone to lead Chen Tianshi first.
Diverging Small Sword Technique Come
Why did I kill them all?
Can the challenge of the poor not come at a price?
Good.
It's a test camp today.
Are there any other Christians to challenge?
If there was no merit of the Qin family
Laugh when you hear it.
You are the owner of the house like that.
In Chen Tianshi's hands, he could not move a move.
How can we be his enemy?
The most causal disciple, of course, is an incorruptible name.
Look at his power.
It's not good for me anymore.
Then thank you, Tran Thien Shi.
Hello friend.
Martial arts also dare to claim heroes